doc: Remove documentation for child/parent image (#20005)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/migration/migration_sysbuild.rst

   :depth: 2

> :ref:`sysbuild` is a build system used in zephyr to configure, build, and flash multiple images as part of a single project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Zephyr's :ref:`sysbuild` is a build system used to configure, build, and program multiple images as part of a single project.
```

> It replaces the child/parent system for multi-image builds in |NCS|.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It replaces the child/parent system for multi-image builds in the |NCS|.
```
